It's time for the two parts, this is going to be dependent on you and which path you take from this
point forward, you either, know, react or you don't know, react.
And we've structured this course in a way that is accommodating to everybody.
So let's say you've worked with react before on the Web, you know, react you've learned about components,
about state and props and you know what those things are, then you can proceed with the course and
just move on to the next lecture.
And we're going to start assuming that, you know, basic react and we're going to teach you react native.
However, if you've never worked with react before, you're still not sure what it is or you just want
to refresh the fundamentals of why react is and why react is used for building you eyes.
Then we've created an appendix section so you can jump to the bottom of the course in the appendix where
says learning react and start doing those lessons.
Once you finish those and you have the fundamentals of react, you're able to build things with react,
then you can come back to this lesson and continue with the course.
All right.
I'll see you in the next one.
Bye bye.